Hi, guys.
Welcome.
In this lecture, residents are working on the product fields, and it's going to look just like this.
Okay.
Hi, guys.
Walker In this lecture, we are going to build the product a field script.
Okay, now, over this, we get our tree.
We are going to create a new PHI and we are going to call this Phi Fields on this core product.
Then this section dot dot.
And now we can use Contra and V to make this right.
And then we can use this to to get you to see the reason for this in the future.
Videos.
Okay.
As well, we're going to call this Fields Products.
Okay?
And over here, we can then use control and dots in order to import the material that that package.
Now we already have the design for each single product right over here.
Okay.
So what we can then do.
We can go to this to the top that.
Oh, yeah.
We can copy everything.
We send the container.
To this last part.
You can see the reason you need to always have a comma.
Okay, copy.
Then we're going to go back to the field, spread out and control and B, that they're going to get
rid of this.
Right.
And then this.
Okay, great.
Now, definitely, we're going to get rid of errors.
What they're going to do first is they're going to get rid of this gesture detector.
Now, to do that, we do that.
We just have to do is to alight in this.
They use control and dots and you're going to see remove this widget.
Okay, great.
Now, in the future, our products are going to be coming from the flower bees.
Right?
So what you can just do is in the oven, this product, you control the model.
So we can just statically type this out.
So you are just going to statically hog the address.
So the image, one of the humans and what they use is they arrive at one of those pages, something
like that.
Okay.
So what can I do to add access to that image?
They're going to go to the assets.
Assets directory ten the image directory of the images that are over.
One.
Dot Angie.
Okay.
Now we'll click on this, okay.
For the product name.
You can just get rid of this for the now.
Decided to look at my day and we can see a of over.
Of our size.
Okay, great.
And for the price, we can as well get rid of this and.
As a cucumber, then you're going to see 8990.
Now to use the dollar sign.
We can't use the dollar sign.
Now is going to see it as a variable.
Right.
So we're going to use the backslash over here.
That's the before the dollar sign.
Okay, great.
And now we can use control and save this file.
Now, the next thing we're going to do is contrary to this white.
Sorry, small.
Then I'm going to go to the fields screen.
Over a year.
And now we can use control and be like going to get rid of this center, which is.
Get rid of this center.
Okay.
Now we're going to use something which we have not seen before.
Now, what you're going to do is.
Okay.
Over these fields.
They're going to have the product of a year and in products of that is left to right, that is of horizontally,
right.
So you're going to have a product here, the products here, product here and the products here.
Okay.
Now, to do that, they're going to use something which I have not seen before, which is not as great
for you.
Dart counts now for the cross assist counts is asking how many products we need between each site that
is between the left and right.
So for now, we're just going to say not for the now, actually.
We're just going to say two are going to be needing to just two products between each site or to get
craziest to theory.
So you're going to have product here, product here, products here where this will go to.
So we have product at the left and at the right side.
Okay, great.
Now, the next thing you're going to do in this this this grid view has.
The children.
Now make sure you get rid of this over a.
Then the case control initiative, and that's also the control necessary for us to get a good performance.
Okay.
And now we can have the children.
And make sure you get rid of this.
Then we're gonna say list that generates.
Okay.
For the land is asking us how many products we need in the future.
The products this the product that is going to come from the flower.
So I go for the now statically type 50 that's based.
There's going to be 50 products in this field screen.
Okay.
Now is asking for how we're going to structure the product.
Right.
So we're going to return that single.
So the.
Fields.
Products like great.
Controller save and go check what you just did.
You can the seat of they now.
Okay.
Great.
Now you can see now the necessary going to say is over.
Are you?
Okay.
It is going the hardest to cross us.
This place in the city to eight.
Okay.
I'll turn this to Steve.
Now, the reason for this error is because the height is very small.
So you can't continue this.
Go see the size and the price.
Right.
So what you're going to do is.
Over here.
We're going to have something on this child aspect which you are able to divide.
The wheat and the high based on what we have here.
Okay.
In the.
The products.
I think his products, you can see we have the wheat and the high quality in which the wheat is to order
it under heights is 180.
So you want to see so we can.
Say the weight is 200 divided by 11728.
Okay.
Still very small.
What you can do, you can increase the height of air to to 80.
Okay.
You can see the heights is very long.
It's very much, yes, some extra space away.
I just know also it increases to to 40.
Okay.
Great.
It thinks it looked it think it looked good now.
Okay, now we can.
The black suits went to 20.
And see.
Okay.
I think this is better.